Now we are going to perform some data cleaning and data processing part.
So let's look at information.
This is all we have and you can notice that we don't have much of the missing values or in fact non-missing
value here so that it is given to clean and that does not alter that.
So that's the reason I was telling you it's a relatively simple problem in assembling walls into 20
so let's convert it to object let's treat it as categorical as I explained to you as well.
So we have done that.
And now let's look at your car name.
Remember in the car name it was mentioned in the problem statement that we should pull up the first
entry from there.
So we were de-coupled the BMW let's say from BMW X-1.
Similarly BMX BMW X3 will be treated as only BMW.
So now let's take over the obvious printing of the 0 8 index and this is the read.
But now this is also kind of renewal for iPhone and all that.
So let's basically bring it and use a regular expression to bring it properly so that's what we're doing
now.
Now once we are done with this up we can just physically apply this up and now you can see that all
those dash everything is gone.
Now once we have done one thing you'll notice that there are a lot of spelling mistake like of one.
Also you can what is that let's say Nissan is an invention.
And some will basically here you will also and in fact you can also see Toyota have a wrong spelling.
You have a VW here.
We other ones.
They're going here.
And so what they are from the sun as well.
Sure you.
So you will notice that my is starting with capital and degrade.
So one is smaller.
And second is opportunity.
So there are a lot of mistakes mythically here which need to be fixed.
So I've mentioned all those things like VW and Bolz-Weber should be was vegan are similarly posh spelling
is wrong or does faling is wrong and so to me I've just written a simple python code to fix it.
Once this is done begin again look at that I look around and so on.
Now further to this we can drop the Garnham because we have already derived the column which we want.
And then after that we can just look at the data.
Everything looks good.
Look at the information things look good.
Let's go to the application Chris.
So not the sort of collection you have so we are surprised about X and Y and what we need to do for
all the categorical column we need to create dummy ratable So that's what we're doing in the next phase.
Once we are done with the next step.
So we have created a dummy and all that we can drop local or regional categorical column because that's
what we don't need and get merge done the Miss column which we have just created.
Once we're done with this we have to scale it up so we are basically taking the step here to kill all
these things up.
And once we have still the data now we are going to spread it to to 70 to 80 percent of it.
So if we notice now and moving to this project very quickly because all these things if you have done
my machine running quartet's and I have done it in the case Turley's there it just that definitely this
is a kind of little bigger project than that and we have to look at multiple things.
But at the same time these attacks we have done it.
So that's the reason I'm moving little faster zooming that you know this if you have not done all this
you need to first go and can invoke on the machine when it goes before you kind of jump to the product
section Darcie.